hello everyone this is Sara Marie and
today I wanted to give you a tour of my
room before I head off to Japan again so
let's head on up to my room I live in
the converted addict so I have to go up
these stairs and this is my senior
portrait and a picture of me when I was
a kid and a scroll that my friend gave
me here at the top of stairs this is my
junk corner and I shouldn't show that
and my guitar and hula hoop and my manga
collection it's kind of small now but oh
well there's my backpack I'm going to
bring to Japan here this is my super
dollfie collection also has gotten
really small mmm and over here my corner
of cute things pricing this before my
blog is stuffed animals and figs I got
in Japan and here's more cute things on
the bookshelves here's a t-shirt that I
really like because it's from rose petal
place probably not many people remember
that these are all full of straps and
keychains so I kind of have a problem
with selecting those and these are
mighty bunnies I don't know if anyone
remembers these either just a rabbit
inside of a teacup I really like them
they're cute it's more manga just random
stuff
and this can is full of ponies well I'm
not going to open it because kind of
hard to open and this is my room
basically you can see it's like long and
narrow and a low ceiling is you know
just a few inches above my head and some
more key chains that I collected and
some posters from my favorite manga on
top of my dresser just have some like
you know accessories and girly things I
need just a little cute things all in
this candle and we need to poo candle
this from its blurry as heck but it says
1996 that's a long time ago I never used
it I guess these are my closet oh you
can see it's just curtains I'm going to
get new colors because you don't really
match anymore but I have two closet
here's my clothes I can't really hang
long dresses in here because it just
touches the ground so everything has to
be you know shirts
my other dresser and here's all my
little lucky things this is a little
lucky cat I got in Disney World actually
in epcot center and my friend got me the
purple one the second boyfriend got me
the zodiac set and I think it was kind
of expensive but oh well it's cute and
these are some lucky stones this one is
I've had such as a kid and my fourth
boyfriend gave me this one I feel kind
of bad because it was like important to
him but he didn't want it back some
unicorns and yum yums they smell good
this in my bed you can see I have a
Barbie comforter and it's purple and
pink it's really cute and my Care Bears
and a pop all and beer that come up here
your some ponies on this side I have
another shelf that's just a t-shirt I
got target I thought it was really nice
if from the kids section and more Care
Bears and the unicorn photo I've had
such as a kid and some business card
from a doll company that's my TV I'm a
playstation and some more stuff around
on my movie cabinet these are all things
i had since a little kid and you know
this is this is a way that Louis pet
shops are supposed to look they don't
look right nowadays you're cuter and
then Care Bears again and this is where
I keep all my hair accessories and
jewelry in here I have more of my closet
to it all some candy on am a cafe photo
pens
this is a hair clip actually but I don't
know how to use it so I just decorate
with it my fan because I need a fan
because it's really hot up here in the
summer and oh yeah my shoe collection if
I can't fit everything on my shoe tree
anymore obviously it's got a few more
cute things you can see it's kind of
dark in this area because there's only
two windows and the lights I'm very
strong but you know just like to have
junk everywhere and that's it really
there's not so much to look at her
rather I don't know what's interesting
about my room to show besides all the
little junk i have everywhere so i hope
you enjoyed seeing my room
you